Make the Organizations a default feature (#32404)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/26_0_0.adoc

For information on how to migrate, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}[{upgradingguide_name}].

= Keycloak Organization is now a supported feature

The organizations feature, introduced in {project_name} 25 as technology preview, is now fully supported.

> 

Reviewer: Not sure we should use {project_name} here because we don't have a RHBK 25, do we?

Author: true, so I'll probably revert back, release notes are pulled into RHBK docs and we do not want to have `Keycloak` there, right?

For information on how to migrate, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}[{upgradingguide_name}].

= Keycloak Organization is now a supported feature

> In previous version there have been introduced Keycloak Organizations as a technology preview feature.
> 
> Since {project_name} 26 releate this feature becomes supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The organizations feature, introduced in Keycloak 25 as technology preview, is now fully supported.
```
